README.md, before:

# Weather Man

A feature-rich Rust-based command-line interface for weather forecasting with a clean, minimalist design.

[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/weather_man.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/weather_man)
![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-0.2.1-blue.svg)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Release](https://github.com/sorinirimies/weather_man/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sorinirimies/weather_man/actions/workflows/release.yml)
## Features

- Current weather conditions
- Hourly and daily forecasts
- Location auto-detection (IP-based)
- Custom location specification
- No API key required (uses Open-Meteo)
- Weather recommendations
- Support for metric/imperial units
- Interactive mode with menu-based navigation
- JSON output option for scripting

## Installation

### From crates.io

```
cargo install weather_man
```

You can also check out the [weather_man package on crates.io](https://crates.io/crates/weather_man) for more information.

### From source

```
git clone https://github.com/sorinirimies/weather_man.git
cd weather_man
cargo build --release
```

The executable will be available at `target/release/weather_man`.

## Usage

```
# Current weather at auto-detected location
weather_man

# Specify a location
weather_man --location "New York"

# Daily forecast
weather_man --mode daily

# Hourly forecast
weather_man --mode hourly

# Full weather report
weather_man --mode full

# Interactive mode
weather_man --mode interactive

# Use imperial units
weather_man --units imperial

# Output as JSON (for scripting)
weather_man --json
```

## Command-line Options

| Option | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| `--mode`, `-m` | Display mode: current, forecast, hourly, daily, full, interactive |
| `--location`, `-l` | Location to check weather for (default: auto-detect) |
| `--units`, `-u` | Units to display: metric, imperial, standard (default: metric) |
| `--detail`, `-d` | Level of detail: basic, standard, detailed, debug |
| `--json`, `-j` | Output results as JSON |
| `--no-animations`, `-a` | Disable animations |

## Development

### Prerequisites

- Rust 1.70 or newer
- Cargo

### Building

```
cargo build
```

### Running Tests

```
cargo test
```

### Generating Changelog

We use [git-cliff](https://github.com/orhun/git-cliff) to generate changelogs:

```
git cliff --output CHANGELOG.md
```

## Release Process

1. Update version in Cargo.toml
2. Create a new tag: `git tag -a v0.1.0 -m "Release v0.1.0"`
3. Push the tag: `git push origin v0.1.0`
4. GitHub Actions will automatically generate the changelog and publish to crates.io

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes using conventional commits (`git commit -m 'feat: add some amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

Please follow the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/) format for your commit messages to ensure proper changelog generation.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Weather data provided by [Open-Meteo](https://open-meteo.com/)
- Geocoding services by [Nominatim/OpenStreetMap](https://nominatim.openstreetmap.org/)

Commit message:

feat: optimize build process and add multi-platform support

README.md, after:

# Weather Man

A feature-rich Rust-based command-line interface for weather forecasting with a clean, minimalist design.

[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/weather_man.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/weather_man)
![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-0.2.1-blue.svg)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Release](https://github.com/sorinirimies/weather_man/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sorinirimies/weather_man/actions/workflows/release.yml)
## Features

- Current weather conditions
- Hourly and daily forecasts
- Location auto-detection (IP-based)
- Custom location specification
- No API key required (uses Open-Meteo)
- Weather recommendations
- Support for metric/imperial units
- Interactive mode with menu-based navigation
- JSON output option for scripting

## Installation

### From crates.io

```
cargo install weather_man
```

You can also check out the [weather_man package on crates.io](https://crates.io/crates/weather_man) for more information.

### From source

```
git clone https://github.com/sorinirimies/weather_man.git
cd weather_man
cargo build --release
```

The executable will be available at `target/release/weather_man`.

### Optimized builds

For maximum performance, you can build a fully optimized version:

```
# Build for your current system with native CPU optimizations
./scripts/build_release.sh

# Or specify a target platform
./scripts/build_release.sh x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu
```

The optimized executable and distributable package will be created in the `dist` directory.

## Usage

```
# Current weather at auto-detected location
weather_man

# Specify a location
weather_man --location "New York"

# Daily forecast
weather_man --mode daily

# Hourly forecast
weather_man --mode hourly

# Full weather report
weather_man --mode full

# Interactive mode
weather_man --mode interactive

# Use imperial units
weather_man --units imperial

# Output as JSON (for scripting)
weather_man --json
```

## Command-line Options

| Option | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| `--mode`, `-m` | Display mode: current, forecast, hourly, daily, full, interactive |
| `--location`, `-l` | Location to check weather for (default: auto-detect) |
| `--units`, `-u` | Units to display: metric, imperial, standard (default: metric) |
| `--detail`, `-d` | Level of detail: basic, standard, detailed, debug |
| `--json`, `-j` | Output results as JSON |
| `--no-animations`, `-a` | Disable animations |

## Development

### Prerequisites

- Rust 1.70 or newer
- Cargo

### Building

```
# Debug build
cargo build

# Release build
cargo build --release

# Optimized release build
./scripts/build_release.sh
```

### Running Tests

```
cargo test
```

### Generating Changelog

We use [git-cliff](https://github.com/orhun/git-cliff) to generate changelogs:

```
git cliff --output CHANGELOG.md
```

## Release Process

1. Update version in Cargo.toml
2. Create a new tag: `git tag -a v0.1.0 -m "Release v0.1.0"`
3. Push the tag: `git push origin v0.1.0`
4. GitHub Actions will automatically:
   - Generate the changelog
   - Build optimized binaries for multiple platforms (Linux, macOS, Windows)
   - Create a GitHub release with all artifacts
   - Publish to crates.io

You can download pre-built optimized binaries for your platform from the [Releases page](https://github.com/sorinirimies/weather_man/releases).

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes using conventional commits (`git commit -m 'feat: add some amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

Please follow the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/) format for your commit messages to ensure proper changelog generation.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Weather data provided by [Open-Meteo](https://open-meteo.com/)
- Geocoding services by [Nominatim/OpenStreetMap](https://nominatim.openstreetmap.org/)
